all right in this video I'm going to
show you how to draw a minion from the
movie Despicable Me you want to do is
start out by drawing the body the
rounded at the top and bottom and just
draw real lightly in case you mess up
you can always go back and erase your
marks if you draw too dark it'll be hard
to erase I'm going to go ahead and
darken my lines because the camera
doesn't show pencil marks very well okay
after you draw the body you want to draw
the legs and their legs are very small
compared to the rest of their body so
you draw two diagonal lines down and the
line across and then you can add their
boots they're wearing next we're going
to add the eyes this minion is going to
have one I draw real big circle in the
middle
sometimes circles are hard to draw so if
you mess up just erase and try again
now they're wearing like goggles or
glasses so what I'm going to do is draw
another circle to represent the edge of
the goggles and then the straps that
hold them on to the side and then you
draw a circle in the middle for the eye
a little dot for the pupil and don't
forget the minions hair and mouth
next is the overalls called two diagonal
lines down and these are the straps that
hold the overalls on and there's little
buttons right here and a line across and
two lines down over and a curved line
over for the pockets last is the arms so
right underneath the strap curved line
down here curved line down here and then
bring the line back over to the body and
add your fingers that's it oh don't
forget the pocket in the middle I can't
wait to see the rest of your details and
you can do a whole minion family to ID
minions minion with a mohawk a girl
minion use your imagination